sections/event.md, before:

Event API
====================

Get all events 
-------------

* `GET /users/{username}/event/basic` will return all events

* `GET /users/{username}/event/basic/page/{pagenumber}` if pagination is required

```json
{
	"cursor": "CkkKGAoLY3JlYXRlZFRpbWUSCQjQ54SHx9nHAhIpahNzfm1ldGFjZG4tbWV0YXN0YWdlchILEgVFdmVudBiAgICYnK6ACgwYACAB",
	"size": 5,
	"events": [{
		"name": "new-dedicated",
		"title": "testing again",
		"description": "",
		"template": "Default2",
		"createdTime": 1461732309961,
		"lastUpdatedTime": null,
		"status": "READY",
		"eventUrl": "https://live.hacktv.xyz/r/e/vorjbrr/new-dedicated",
		"sources": null,
		"activeSource": "main",
		"gaId": null,
		"embedRestrictions": null,
		"hiveEnabled": false,
		"isInternal": false,
		"aesKey": null,
		"aesKeyServer": null
	}, {
		"name": "enc-api-test",
		"title": "asdadasd",
		"description": "",
		"template": "Default2",
		"createdTime": 1461719694320,
		"lastUpdatedTime": null,
		"status": "READY",
		"eventUrl": "https://live.hacktv.xyz/r/e/vorjbrr/enc-api-test",
		"activeSource": "main",
		"gaId": null,
		"embedRestrictions": null,
		"hiveEnabled": false,
		"isInternal": true,
		"aesKey": "43214321432143214321432143214321",
		"aesKeyServer": "https://stage.metacdn.com/r/ssdrm/keys/hls/vorjbrr/enc-api-test/sDV9Y8gUS%2Fy2CvwpahlqDA%3D%3D"
	},
	...
	{
		"name": "test",
		"title": "testttt",
		"description": "",
		"template": "Default2",
		"createdTime": 1449455640940,
		"lastUpdatedTime": 1449456486285,
		"status": "READY",
		"eventUrl": "http://stage.metacdn.com/r/e/vorjbrr/test",
		"sources": null,
		"activeSource": "post",
		"gaId": null,
		"embedRestrictions": null,
		"hiveEnabled": false,
		"isInternal": false,
		"aesKey": null,
		"aesKeyServer": null
	}],
	"moreResult": false
}
```

Get a specific event
-------------

* `GET /users/{username}/event/basic/{name}` will return a specific event.

```json
{
	"name": "enc-api-test",
	"title": "asdadasd",
	"description": "",
	"template": "Default2",
	"createdTime": 1461719694320,
	"lastUpdatedTime": null,
	"status": "READY",
	"eventUrl": "https://live-stage.hacktv.xyz/r/e/vorjbrr/enc-api-test",
	"sources": null,
	"activeSource": "main",
	"gaId": null,
	"embedRestrictions": null,
	"hiveEnabled": false,
	"isInternal": true,
	"aesKey": "43214321432143214321432143214321",
	"aesKeyServer": "https://stage.metacdn.com/r/ssdrm/keys/hls/vorjbrr/enc-api-test/sDV9Y8gUS%2Fy2CvwpahlqDA%3D%3D"
}
```

Update the key and keyserver for a specific event
-------------

* `POST /users/{username}/event/{name}` will update a specific event

```json
{
	"isInternal": true,
	"aesKey": "43214321432143214321432143214321",
	"aesKeyServer": "https://mykeyserver/is/here"
}
```

Commit message:

Added the section in event readme on how to filter the events

sections/event.md, after:

Event API
====================

Get all events
-------------

* `GET /users/{username}/event/basic` will return all events

* `GET /users/{username}/event/basic/page/{pagenumber}` if pagination is required

```json
{
	"cursor": "CkkKGAoLY3JlYXRlZFRpbWUSCQjQ54SHx9nHAhIpahNzfm1ldGFjZG4tbWV0YXN0YWdlchILEgVFdmVudBiAgICYnK6ACgwYACAB",
	"size": 5,
	"events": [{
		"name": "new-dedicated",
		"title": "testing again",
		"description": "",
		"template": "Default2",
		"createdTime": 1461732309961,
		"lastUpdatedTime": null,
		"status": "READY",
		"eventUrl": "https://live.hacktv.xyz/r/e/vorjbrr/new-dedicated",
		"sources": null,
		"activeSource": "main",
		"gaId": null,
		"embedRestrictions": null,
		"hiveEnabled": false,
		"isInternal": false,
		"aesKey": null,
		"aesKeyServer": null
	}, {
		"name": "enc-api-test",
		"title": "asdadasd",
		"description": "",
		"template": "Default2",
		"createdTime": 1461719694320,
		"lastUpdatedTime": null,
		"status": "READY",
		"eventUrl": "https://live.hacktv.xyz/r/e/vorjbrr/enc-api-test",
		"activeSource": "main",
		"gaId": null,
		"embedRestrictions": null,
		"hiveEnabled": false,
		"isInternal": true,
		"aesKey": "43214321432143214321432143214321",
		"aesKeyServer": "https://stage.metacdn.com/r/ssdrm/keys/hls/vorjbrr/enc-api-test/sDV9Y8gUS%2Fy2CvwpahlqDA%3D%3D"
	},
	...
	{
		"name": "test",
		"title": "testttt",
		"description": "",
		"template": "Default2",
		"createdTime": 1449455640940,
		"lastUpdatedTime": 1449456486285,
		"status": "READY",
		"eventUrl": "http://stage.metacdn.com/r/e/vorjbrr/test",
		"sources": null,
		"activeSource": "post",
		"gaId": null,
		"embedRestrictions": null,
		"hiveEnabled": false,
		"isInternal": false,
		"aesKey": null,
		"aesKeyServer": null
	}],
	"moreResult": false
}
```
Filtering Events
-------------

The GET request accepts couple of query parameters as well to filter the response based on our requirements

1. *last* = If interested in events created in last X days. Value must be an integer, for example `GET /users/{username}/event/basic?last=10` will return all the events created by the given user in last 10 days. **Note** - If the value is 0, then the response only contains the events created today.
2. *from* and *to* = If interested in events created within the specific date range. The dates should be in yyyyMMdd format. For example, `GET /users/{username}/event/basic?from=20160110&last=20160215` will return all the events created by the given user from 10th January 2016 to 15th February 2016 (inclusive). **Note** - If any *from* or *to* query parameters are included in the request then these take precedence over the *last* query parameter.

Get a specific event
-------------

* `GET /users/{username}/event/basic/{name}` will return a specific event.

```json
{
	"name": "enc-api-test",
	"title": "asdadasd",
	"description": "",
	"template": "Default2",
	"createdTime": 1461719694320,
	"lastUpdatedTime": null,
	"status": "READY",
	"eventUrl": "https://live-stage.hacktv.xyz/r/e/vorjbrr/enc-api-test",
	"sources": null,
	"activeSource": "main",
	"gaId": null,
	"embedRestrictions": null,
	"hiveEnabled": false,
	"isInternal": true,
	"aesKey": "43214321432143214321432143214321",
	"aesKeyServer": "https://stage.metacdn.com/r/ssdrm/keys/hls/vorjbrr/enc-api-test/sDV9Y8gUS%2Fy2CvwpahlqDA%3D%3D"
}
```

Update the key and keyserver for a specific event
-------------

* `POST /users/{username}/event/{name}` will update a specific event

```json
{
	"isInternal": true,
	"aesKey": "43214321432143214321432143214321",
	"aesKeyServer": "https://mykeyserver/is/here"
}
```
